Who are you?
I have already sold this jade pendant.
How is it in your hands?
This is the token that our Mr. Yan left to the savior
Yan Shixing
This jade pendant belongs to my eldest daughter
But how did he become Mr. Yan's benefactor?
Was he at the Star Hotel five years ago?
Yes, yes.
It's just that he kept crying when he came back from the hotel
That's right.
It's our president who's sorry for him.
Let him come back now
Okay, okay, I'll call him back right away
So five years ago
The wild man who fooled around with the past is now
real essence
Talk to us with respect
The child he gave birth to
It must be the little prince of the Yan family
What a pity!
If the child hadn't died
We can move on to the comeback
Who said that child was dead?
Pardon me?
That child didn't die at all
I was just looking for an excuse to throw him away
You threw him away?
That's a world-weary child
How did I know at that time that he was a child of a world-weary minister?
Don't worry, husband.
I already thought
Let's take care of our family and turn around
Not only can you turn over
You can also become the in-laws of the Yan family
How?
Okay, let's do it.